
Iteration = 0
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 1
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 2
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 3
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 4
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 5
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 6
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 7
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 8
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 9
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 10
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 11
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 12
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 13
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 14
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 15
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 16
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 17
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 18
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 19
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 20
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 21
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 22
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 23
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 24
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 25
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 26
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 27
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 28
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 29
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 30
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 31
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 32
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 33
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 34
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 35
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 36
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 37
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 38
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 39
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 40
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 41
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 42
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 43
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 44
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 45
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 46
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 47
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 48
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 49
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 50
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 51
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 52
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 53
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 54
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 55
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 56
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 57
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 58
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 59
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 60
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 61
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 62
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 63
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 64
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 65
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 66
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 67
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 68
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 69
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 70
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 71
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 72
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 73
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 74
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 75
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 76
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 77
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 78
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 79
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 80
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 81
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 82
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 83
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 84
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 85
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 86
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 87
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 88
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 89
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 90
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 91
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 92
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 93
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 94
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 95
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 96
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 97
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 98
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Iteration = 99
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 6 Decelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 5 Pull In Behind
state = 1 Follow
state = 2 Pull Out
state = 3 Accelerate
state = 4 Pull In Ahead
state = 7 Done

Scenario = 1
Trace = True
Iterations = 100
Transition Probabilities = 0.8 0.4 0.3 0.4 0.3 0.3 0.8 0.8 0.8
State Counts = 731 721 318 129 587 101 100
State Frequencies = 0.2720506140677335 0.26832899144026795 0.11834759955340529 0.04800893189430592 0.21845924823222926 0.03758838853740231 0.03721622627465575
Transition Counts = 578 280 100 298 98 82 478 82 100
Transition Frequencies = 0.27576335877862596 0.13358778625954199 0.04770992366412214 0.14217557251908397 0.046755725190839696 0.039122137404580155 0.22805343511450382 0.039122137404580155
